Added documentations as README (#9)
GoogleCloudPlatform/opentelemetry-operations-collector: docs/tarball-readme.md

# OpenTelemetry Collector for Google Cloud Monitoring Tarball

> Thank you for using this OpenTelemetry Collector and Google Cloud Monitoring. This packaged tarball contains tools to immediately setup the Collector with compatible metrics for your Google Cloud Monitoring.

Reviewer: Since we are not really going to be "officially" supporting this, can you say "Thank you for using this community build of the OpenTelemetry Collector for Google Cloud Monitoring..."

Reviewer: > "This packaged tarball contains tools to immediately setup the Collector with compatible metrics for your Google Cloud Monitoring."

I'm not really sure what that part means. You also need to describe what these metrics are / where they come from.

Author: Let me know how it looks now.

Reviewer: It's the same isn't it? Did you forget to commit something

Reviewer: It's the same isn't it. Did you forget to commit something?

Author: Sorry, don't know what happened there. It is updated now :)

## Getting Started
1. Run `bash run.sh` to run the collector

> 2. Search for metrics in the Google Cloud Monitoring project, there should already be values populated!

Reviewer: Is this true of the example config you include by default though? Should we create a full example config for Linux that actually generates all agent metrics?

Author: Yes. I am planning on having a config file with all the host metrics, and all the transformations needed and all of them prefixed with agent.googleapis. I am currently working on that config file.

> ## Customed Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom Metrics
```

> Modify the configuration file `config-example` to experiement with different metrics

Reviewer: How about as part of the tarball generation we rename this to just `config.yaml`?

> Thank you for using this community build of the OpenTelemetry Collector for Google Cloud Monitoring. This packaged tarball contains tools to setup the Collector with some default host metrics for your Google Cloud Monitoring: memory, cpu, disk, filesystem, network, swap, process, load metrics. More details of these host metrics can be viewed [here](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/metrics_agent). There metrics are scraped by the [host metric receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/master/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver) in the collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for using this community build of the OpenTelemetry Collector for Google Cloud Monitoring. This tarball package contains the Collector configured to scrape system metrics from the host agent and report these to [Cloud Monitoring](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/metrics_agent).
```

(trying to keep this very generic)
